# RedPlag - A Plagiarism Checker

This project was generated by Django version 3.1.2. This is a copy checker that detects plagiarism in a given set of text documents.

## Our Project:
For this project, we have built a web based application to detect plagiarism when provided with a set of text documents. We've used the authentication support provided by django as a django contrib module in __django.contrib.auth__. Moreover, we have extended the default user model to suit our needs, ie., we have added functionality to only enable users affiliated with a registered organisation to sign up. Registered users are allowed to change their account passwords. We have implimented an UI to allow user to upload a zip file. We have also implimented an UI to allow user to download all his previous uploads results. Name of the zip file submitted and time at which it is submitted will be displayed.

## Built With
We have used Django Web Framework for building both the frontend and backend.
Install python3 with
```sh
sudo apt update
sudo apt install python3
```
Install Django with
```sh
sudo apt install python3-pip
pip3 install Django
```
In addition, we have imported and made use of a few python modules which might need to to be installed separately in the developer's system, provided they aren't already present :P
Install the required modules with:
```sh
pip3 install numpy
pip3 install nltk
pip3 install pandas
pip3 install sklearn
pip3 install matplotlib
pip3 install mpld3
```
We have also used a resource belonging to the nltk module that can to be installed from the python3 shell using:
```sh
python3
>>> import nltk
>>> nltk.download('stopwords')
```

## Development server
1. Move to ```<project-dir>```, and edit the settings related to DB, timezone and other settings in settings.py.

2. Make migrations by running 
```sh
python3 manage.py makemigrations
python3 manage.py makemigrations fileupload
python3 manage.py makemigrations accounts 
python3 manage.py migrate
```

Create a superuser by running the following command and entering your credentials
```sh
python3 manage.py createsuperuser
```

Run ```$ python3 manage.py runserver``` for a dev server. Navigate to ```http://127.0.0.1:8000/```

Now, create a **superuser** ID using
```sh
python3 manage.py createsuperuser
```
You will be required to enter your username, email and set a password. Once the superuser is created successfully, navigate to ```http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/``` and login with your superuser credidentials. The superuser can now view and manipulate existing user and file data, register or deregister organisations, and much more.


## How the tool is supposed to be run:

For a user to sign up, they just have to decide a user name and password. As an additional form of security, a user is required to provide the passcode of the organisation they're associated with to create an account.
Once the user is in, they're free to use the tool.

The user can upload a zipped folder containing the files to be checked, provided he has signed up and logged in, of course. All files are required be present in a single folder. User can upload a zip file of size upto 2MB. 

After uploading the folder, the user will be redirected to a page where they can download the result files. In addition, users can find the previous results of their file sets by clicking the ```Previous results``` button. 

### Registering an Organisation 
An organisation can only be registered by the dev or a superuser. 


